[Hubs] Add sovereign cloud support (#2072)
microsoft/finops-toolkit: docs-mslearn/toolkit/changelog.md

  - Remote Hub configuration (storage URI, storage key, and purge protection) is now displayed in the Basics tab when Remote Hub mode is selected, making the mutual exclusivity clear.
  - Data Explorer SKU and retention settings are now only visible when Azure Data Explorer mode is selected.
  - Added typed metadata contracts between hub apps to formalize dependency management and enable compile-time verification of inter-app interfaces.

> - **Added**

Reviewer: Added should go above Changed

>   - Added sovereign cloud deployment support for Azure US Government, Azure China (21Vianet), and other sovereign environments ([#2072](https://github.com/microsoft/finops-toolkit/pull/2072)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Added sovereign cloud deployment support for Azure Government, Azure China, and other [Microsoft Sovereign Cloud](/industry/sovereign-cloud/overview/microsoft-sovereign-cloud) environments ([#2072](https://github.com/microsoft/finops-toolkit/pull/2072)).
```

  - Added `openDataBaseUrl` parameter to support open-data ingestion from a local storage account in sovereign environments without internet access.

>   - Added `-PortalUrl` parameter to `Build-Toolkit.ps1` for sovereign cloud dashboard feedback links.

Reviewer: nit: Do internal build script changes go into the changelog? 🤔 Not opposed to it. But it's a level of detail our customers generally shouldn't need.

  - Added [sovereign cloud deployment guide](hubs/deploy-sovereign.md) with build, deployment, and configuration steps.
- **Fixed**
  - Fixed hardcoded Kusto DNS suffix to use an environment-aware lookup map with correct suffixes for all supported clouds ([#2072](https://github.com/microsoft/finops-toolkit/pull/2072)).
  - Fixed incorrect China ADX DNS suffix derivation (`kusto.chinacloudapi.cn` → `kusto.windows.cn`).

>   - Fixed `createUiDefinition.json` storage URL validation to accept all cloud storage suffixes.

Reviewer: As far as I can tell, these changes sound like AI fixes within the PR, not fixing something that was already there. 
```suggestion
```
